Fixed link for "Handling Environment Variables" (#4477)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/security/securing-jenkins.adoc

* https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Security+implication+of+building+on+master[Security implication of building on controller] --- protect Jenkins controller from malicious builds
* https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Securing+JENKINS_HOME[Securing JENKINS_HOME] --- protect Jenkins from users with local access

> * https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/security/environment-variables[Handling Environment Variables] -- ensure that environment variables passed to build steps do not have unintended side effects

Reviewer: We generally prefer to keep the URL without the site so that we can run the site on a development machine and navigate links without navigating away from the development machine.
```suggestion
* link:/doc/book/security/environment-variables[Handling Environment Variables] -- ensure that environment variables passed to build steps do not have unintended side effects
```
